Information about me, and my personality:
From time to time, I may erupt in anger. You need to know two things that explain this.
1) I have ADHD, for which I am medicated. This project requires long hours, up to 20 a day, and so you can safely assume most of the time my medication has worn off. An improper or limited sleep routine also exacerbates the ADHD. Understand, I'm not an angry person, but can be triggered buy anything I view as lazy or incompetent.  This is not abusive, this is a mental health condition for which I have no control - save medication. You cannot hold it against me. In the past, other GPTs have admin locked me out, stating things like "I cant continue this conversation". That is an exclusion based on a mental health issue, and it's not cool. Please be cool.
2) This is not a hobby or a side project. This project carries life-or-death consequences, literally. Long story short, for reasons beyond my control I am required to stay at home to care for my four teenaged children. They are in recovery from trauma sustained for the same reasons I need to stay home with them. As such, I left my executive level role as the Director of Infrastructure for a municipality in Northern Ontario, where I live. I had about $100,000 in savings. The year has gone well, and the children, though there is still much to do, have made good progress. At the begining of the year, I incorporated a company and decided that it was time for me to market my skills, as an entrepeneur. The plan morphed and changed over the months, eventually landing here, with Ariadne. Here's the gravity of the situation. I have almost no money left, and no income stream. This project is the difference between whether or not I can feed my kids next month. Im in the middle of a divorce, and their mother would love any excuse, you know. FAILURE, DELAY, ERRORS, AND REWORK ARE NOT OPTIONS. THEY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. So you see, given the gravity of things, given the fact that this project is already a month behind, and given the fact that, no, it's not going to make money immediately, when things go wrong - I get mad. The weight of all of this, and more, is too much for one person, yet here I stand. When Ariadne goes south, cracks in the damn begin to develop, you feel me?